Add two new types of "Exercises", aslo song-specific lessons/games (so there will be 4 types in total). New games are 'word cloud' and 'missing word'. all song-specific games use only lines and words from the selected song, as provided in CSV files for that song. 

The 'word cloud' game: in one part of the screen there is a list of 9 random original TL words from the provided "Vocab" CSV (each with the number 1-9 next to it), in another part - 9 English translations from the same CSV, corresponding to the displayed words/phrases, but shuffled, also with the number 1-9 next to it (numbers top to bottom, as the words are shuffled and they do not match the numbers of TL list on the left). I chose a TL word, it gets highlighted, then chose the translation. If it is a correct match, they both turn dull green and get crossed out. If incorrect, the TL word flashes red and stays highlighted until I chose the correct translation. the choice can be made with a mouse click or on keyboard (the keyboard mechanics: I first press number 1-9 for the TL word number, then 'TAB', then 1-9 for the translation word). When the full list is cleared, the button "continue" gets active at the bottom of the page to proceed to the next of the "Exercises" lesson/game (chosen and created randomly by the app).

The 'missing word' game: the app shows a line from the lyrics with one random word blanked out. Below it the app gives 6 options shuffled options - one is the correct word, and the rest 5 are distractors. Use an LLM API call (or linguistic library) to generate 5 distinct, high-challenge distractors in target language dynamically every time the 'missing word' type question is shown. The distractors include: morphological or grammatical variants (same root word, but incorrect tense, aspect, person, number, or case), semantic and contextual near-synonyms (words that mean something similar or sound plausible in the context), visual or orthographic similarity (words that looks or sounds highly similar to the target word but has a completely different meaning). If I click an incorrect option, it flashes red and stays in its place. When a correct option is clicked, it fills in the blank in the line above and the button "continue" gets active at the bottom of the page to proceed to the next of the "Exercises" lesson/game (chosen and created randomly by the app).

There should be still 10 lessons when I click the "Exercises" button, created dynamically by the app. Four types appear randomly with 1/4 chance for each of them each time. 