See enclosed references for visual style, font, colour palette (note that the yellow rectangle in the upper part is a youtube video, not a part of the app design). Add pink and green accents.

The main screen of the app has two tabs:
1 - "Song Lab": The area where I will add new YouTube links and lyrics, and then will sync lyrics to the video. When opened, it shows a page that will accept a youtube link, artist, song title, language and two CVS files (see below).
2 - "Dashboard": this will be my library where the songs from "Song Lab" will be added.

"Song Lab": when this tab is clicked, there are fields for 5 inputs:
(1) Artist - one line text. It gives suggestions as I type from the Artists already in the library. 
(2) Song title - one line text. 
(3) a YouTube URL - one line youtube link. 
(4) Language - one line text. It gives suggestions from the Languages already in the library as I type. 
(5) 'Lyrics': accepts CSV files with 6 columns: 1. line-by-line lyrics, 2. correct translation for each line, 3-6. distractors (will be used in the "Exercises", see below). 
(Note that lyrics often contain commas, quotes, or line breaks. Standard CSV splitting will break. Use a robust CSV parser for the uploaded CSV files.) 
In the bottom there is a button "Start Sync" that becomes active only when 5 fields are filled in. then the Sync Tool starts. 
You need to create a "Sync Tool". The Sync Tool will be displayed as a part of adding the song, there is no separate access from the main page. When all fields have input in the "Song Lab", the button "Start Sync" becomes active. Clicking the "Start Sync" button starts the "Sync Tool": A simple tap-to-sync interface. While the song plays from the provided youtube link, I tap a button in time with the start of every line to save the timestamp of a lyrics line. The timestamps are recorded and stored in the app database so that it can be accessible when I later open the app from another device. 
The Sync Tool only displays original lyrics lines from the CSV file, no translation. 
Refer to the enclosed screenshots "sync tool 01", "sync tool 02", "sync tool 03" for the layout. Note that I the currently played line is in a brighter font in the middle, while at least one previous and one next are visible in a duller font. Use the same fonts. 
The yellow rectangular at the top is the YouTube video playing.
The long horizontal button with "V" symbol is the one to be tapped to mark the beginning of the line (write "Tap!" on it). Important: the prominent line in the middle is the currently playing line, not the upcoming, not the past. I can see the dull font lines below, I listen to the music from youtube, and I tap the sync button in the beginning of the line - as I tap it, the line moves up to the middle, turns bright, and the timestamp is recorded for that tine at that moment. The Sync Tool starts with displaying a line of three dots (see the screenshot "sync tool 01"), and upcoming lyrics in dull font below. I will tap the sync button when the first line starts playing, then it moves up, etc.
When I tap the sync button for the last line of the lyrics, it turns into "Finish" (see the screenshot "sync tool 03"). When "Finish" is tapped, the song with saved timestamps is added to the song list in Dashboard (with the data recorded in database) and I return to the main page of the app.
(In the bottom of the screenshots there are three more buttons, disregard them by now, we'll add options later.)

The "Dashboard" tab:
On the top there is a narrow compact filters and sort area with the following:
(a) total number of songs on the page (changes when filters applied); 
(b) filter for 'Language' - a drop-down list with languages I will add via "Song Lab", I can change to display only one language; 
(c) filter for 'Artist' - a drop-down list with Artists, when a particular artist is clicked, only songs of this artist are displayed; 
(d) filter by type: choice off "All Types", "New" (songs that has never been played and not marked "Done"), "Active" (songs that have been played and not marked "Done"), "Done" (songs marked "Done") - see below the description of Type on Song Cards.
The filters are very compact: the text is right inside the drop-down lists and options drop down when the list is clicked. starting options are "All languages", All artists", "All types".
(e) an option to sort by last added, last played, or alphabetically by song title. The sorting menu is also very compact. it includes sorting both ways for each type. the default is last added.
(f) magnifying glass icon for search (just the icon, no text) - searches Artists or Song titles as I type, independent of diacritics.
Below the filters and sort area of the Dashboard there is the list of songs, arranged in Song Cards. The songs are added here via the Song Lab after manual sync with Sync Tool. 
Each Song Card displays a one line song name, artist name, language flag, tiny thumbnail of the youtube video, date added, date last played (both in small dull font), and an indicator/checkbox. An indicator/checkbox will go from very bright pink to purple as the games for the song are played (bright pink for zero times, dark purple for over 12 times). The indicator also serves are a checkbox that can be clicked to mark a song "Done" (with a confirmation dialogue), then it turns green. When a song is marked "Done", it is assigned the type "Done".
When a Song Card is clicked, a Song Page opens, there is a full song name, artist name, and two big buttons: "Karaoke" and "Exercises". An arrow in the upper left corner of the Song Page takes back to the Dashboard. 
"Karaoke" button: when clicked, it shows a screen with 3 buttons: "10%", "33%", "100%" - this is the choice of difficulty. When clicked, a "Karaoke" game starts. 
The "Karaoke" game - the goal is to fill in the blanks created by the app with correct words from the provided lyrics. The game uses the lyrics from this particular song, as provided in the SCV file and then synced with Sync Tool. 
Procedure for the option "10%": every time I chose the difficulty level "10%" in "Karaoke", the app prepares a game with some randomness - all the lines from the lyrics are lined up in a string, and the app marks 10% of the words for gaps/blanks. Add some randomness here: 10% of the words, but not exactly every 10th word, instead vary the interval randomly from 7 to 11 words between blanks. The processing must be done every time I start the game, so that I do not play the same gaps every time. Then the app breaks the text into originals lines again and displays lines with gaps. 
Refer to the screenshots "karaoke 01", karaoke 02", "karaoke 03", "karaoke 04", "karaoke 05" for layout. There is a small area for the video at the top (yellow rectangles in the screenshots), big area for lyrics in the middle, and a 4-Slot Dock at the bottom.
When the game starts, the respective youtube video starts playing automatically and the lyrics in lines with calculated gaps is displayed (during the time before the first timestamp a line of 3 dots is displayed - see screenshot "karaoke 01" for the very beginning of the Karaoke game).
The blanks are displayed as spinning wheels (see screenshots ""karaoke 01", "karaoke 02", "karaoke 04"). The app knows what is the correct sequence of the words behind the spinning wheels. 
The "Karaoke" game Logic: The youtube video is played in a small area at the top so that no to obstruct anything. The lyrics is shown line by line (according to the lines in the CSV file) in the middle of the screen. As the video plays, and the line hits the timestamp, this line moves into the middle of the lyrics area, becomes brighter. As the song progresses, lyric rows move upward, remaining visible in a semi-faded and dull font to help the user track the rhythm and context of the verse, the same for yet-to-come lyrics: the lines float up from behind the bottom of the screen, semi-faded and smaller font. That is, the highlighted line is the one currently playing according to the timestamp that I created in the "Song Lab", but I can see two previous ones and two upcoming ones, semi-faded. 
The 4-Slot Dock: 4 buttons at the bottom arranged in a square. the Dock is populated with future words of the song. in one random slot there is a correct word to fill in the next blank in the lyrics, in the other there are words that will follow in upcoming blanks, but not necessarily the next three in the correct order. the app must shuffle the words in a way that through the song the correct word will be at one of the slots at the time when it's needed, but the order must be shuffled to distract me. 
See the screenshots "karaoke 02" and "karaoke 03". In "karaoke 02" there is a gap (spinning wheel) before the word "mihrap". I tap on the button "kubbe", this is the correct choice, it goes to the gap (with a little green mark signifying the correct answer was made on the first try), and another upcoming word (in this case "beni") appeared on the button where "kubbe" used to be. 
The slots in the Dock should have numbers 1-4 next to them, the slot can be chosen by smartphone screen tap, by a desktop mouse click, or by pressing number 1-4 on the keyboard on desktop. The tap/click means the choice of the word for the next gap (spinning wheel) in the lyrics - EVEN IF the next gap is in the dull font future line, not in the bright font current one (see screenshot "karaoke 05" - the word "beni" was already chosen and filled in (on the second try, therefore has a red mark under it)), and even if the gap is not visible on the screen yet. 
When a slot with the correct word to fill in the blank in the lyrics is chosen, the word from it appears instead of the next spinning wheel and another word takes place in this slot. If a slot with an incorrect word is chosen, the button flashes red and all the words stay in their places. When a correct word is chosen on the first try, it's a "Hit", and the word has a small green mark next to it. If there was a mistake first, it's a "Miss", and when the correct word is eventually chosen, it will have a small red mark next to it. 
If the video reaches the timestamp of the next line while there are still spinning wheels that have not been correctly filled in in the current line, the volume of the playback starts dropping, it drops from 100% to 0% over 2 seconds' time, and then a pause command is triggered, the video stops. I can click the words from the 4-Slot Dock while the video is paused, and they behave as described above for correct/incorrect choice. When the line is correctly filled in, the song starts automatically - NOT from where it stopped, but from the beginning of the line that I was filling in (that is, it needs too roll back to the timestamp that it already passed). 
When there are fewer than 4 words left to fill in, the slots that lack a word display asterisks (see screenshot "karaoke 05"). 
When all the words are filles into the blanks correctly, the button "Finish" appears instead of the 4-slot (see screenshot "karaoke 06"). By clicking it I return into the selected song page. 
During the game there is a small counter on the top: Hits / Misses / total gaps to fill.

The "33%" difficulty option for "Karaoke" game uses the same logic for marking the gaps/blanks, but a third of the words are marked. It uses the same game mechanics described above. 
The "100%" difficulty option for "Karaoke" game marks all words for blanks/gaps and uses the same game mechanics described above.

"Exercises" in the Song Page are song-specific lessons/games. When I click the "Exercises" button there are 10 lessons, created dynamically by the app. There are 2 types: 'shuffled translation' and  'line translation'. I do not chose between them manually, they appear randomly with 1/2 chance for each of them each time. Both use only lines from the selected song from the provided CSV.
The 'shuffled translation': the app takes one random original line of lyrics (of at least 3 words length), shuffles all the individual words. Disregard all punctuation marks when shuffling the words, but add it back to the correct answer later. The app shows shuffled words as a cloud of clickable words in the lower part of the screen. On the upper part of the screen there is a place for the original lyrics line to be built. I must click the individual shuffled words in the correct order to recreate the original line. When the words are placed in the correct order, the line turns into a normal line of text (not the separate word bubbles), green in colour, the button "continue" gets active at the bottom of the page to proceed to the next of the "Exercises" lesson/game (chosen and created randomly by the app).
The 'line translation': one random full original line of lyrics from the selected song is shown in the upper part of the screen. In the lower part there are the correct translation and the 'distractors' of the same line from the CSV file provided in the Lyrics input in the Song Lab, shuffled. I need to choose the correct translation. When the correct translation is chosen, the button "continue" gets active at the bottom of the page to proceed to the next of the "Exercises" lesson/game (chosen and created randomly by the app).
When 10 random "Exercises" lessons are played, the button "continue" turns into "finish", by clicking it I return into the selected Song Page.
Every time I play "Karaoke" or "Exercises" it is counted as one time for calculating the Type ("New" / "Active") and the colour of the indicator on the Song Card. 

I will play the published app on different devices, PC desktop, Android smartphones, chromebook. Please set up the PostgreSQL database, for all data of each song (including timestamps that I will add in the Sync Tool, lyrics CSV with all six columns) and my progress (including last played, number of times played, status) to be saved and accessed across devices.
There will be new functionality added on later, please make the database expandable and the app structure flexible. 
Please create the app as described above. We will proceed with more functions later. 