Let's create Flashcards in the Language Tab. On a click on a Language Tile, a session of 10 questions starts. Each question is either 1 TL with choice of 4 translations, or 1 English with choice of 4 TL words/phrases - all of these, both TL words/phrases and their translations, are pulled from the Word Pool (there are no external distractors). 
Each next question has 50-50% chance of being 'TL-English' or 'English-TL'.
enclosed are references for layout (in the reference TL is Turkish, and the translation language is Russian; in our app there are differnt TLs and the translation is made into English) - note the bug question card on the top and smaller option cards below it. use big font for all. 
Flashcards game mechanics: 
If I click the correct answer, the card with the question word at the upper part AND the correct answer turn green and the text-to-speech reads TL text (both in 'TL-English' or 'English-TL'. type question, the TTS reads only TL! no English is read aloud ever, only TL). Then I tap on the upper card (the question card) and the next question is displayed. 
if i click a wrong answer, the question card on the top and my wrong answer turn red, while the correct answer turns green (see the refernce file "Screenshot 2026-05-30 20.02.03.png" for that). the text-to-speech reads the correct TL answer (again, only TL! and only the correct one, not the one I tapped wring. if the question is 1 TL into 4 English, it reads the TL question, if the question is 1 English into 4 TL, it reads the correct 
TL option). also, with each my wrong answer a duplicate of this question is added to the end of current session (that is, with every wrong answer, the number of questions increases from 10 to 11, 12 etc). then I tap on the still-red question card and the next question is displayed. 
there is a simple meter of #of questions answered / total # at the top (represented by a line on the screenshots). when all questions are answered, there is a big display # of correct / 10 and a button to return to the Languages Tab. 